So far on this project, I have worked on completing tutorials from LazyFoo and using the tools I have learned about in the tutorials in order to begin the programming of our game.  So far, I have managed to successfully manipulate a sprite sheet for Dig Dug so that it will work with SDL.  I have successfully imported this sprite sheet into our program using a class we created for the player character.  I have also used the SDL event handling to program the character to move around the screen controlled by the arrow keys.   Next on the list is creating boundaries (which should be simple) and animating the player character as well as making him change direction (which is a part of the animation process).  After that is successful, we will need to structure the character classes for enemies as well, and begin to work on getting them into the game.  At the same time as that, we will need to be working on the (critical) digging feature and the attacking enemies options.  After that, we will implement the falling rocks, and the score features/cosmetic details.  Hopefully once we reach there, the game will only require fine tuning before being completed.  I have learned more about how computer programs utilize graphics and how textures function.  

Internally, the function works based on a loop in main and an instance of a character class for the player.  The player class constructor calls a function to load in the textures.  Then, in main, it enters a loop that checks keypresses.  Anytime a key is pressed down, the location the player is altered using a move method.  It is then re-drawn out onto the main display ( after an orange background is set first) .  This loops until the window is xed out.  

The project git repo can be viewed at:
https://github.com/a3qz/dig_dug

In order to compile and run what I have completed for this assignment, you should enter the ryan_inclass/lab_8_checkin folder and run make.  After that, execute the executable named main.  You can move Dig Dug in all four direction with the arrow keys, and exit the program by x-ing it out.  

The Excel Spreadsheet included in this folder is our timelog.  It can also be accessed at :
https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1_oODkY1Xm41ydkTGvraeTkIIeqj-HuKvUVwQ2rqglJA/edit?usp=sharing


